Hey [music] Mark.
Hi, I'm Brittany. [music]
I'm a growth account executive and I
manage a portfolio of our most strategic
startup accounts. Before I meet with a
customer for the first time,
>> [music]
>> I need to get smart on them fast. Who
are they? What are they building? How
are they using Clod today? What's their
spend look like today on us? And what
are the risks and growth trends of this
account? Now all of this information
exists today, but it's scattered across
[music] Salesforce, our data warehouse,
call recordings, Slack, email, and the
web. Pulling [music] this together used
to mean hours of manual research. But
with Clod Co-work, I have a skill that
does it for me in minutes. To actually
build the skill, I open up a Co-work
session
and describe what I'd want to know
walking into that meeting. Clod drafted
a skill file from that conversation,
which is basically a text file that
tells Clod how to approach the task.
What data sources should I be looking
at?
What usage [music] signals matter?
And how to actually present the
analysis.
In my settings here, I've already
connected to our data warehouse,
Salesforce, the web, [music] email, and
Slack. And I picked a folder on my
desktop where Clod can read, edit, or
save the files.
I ran it on a test account, refined it,
and because the file is in plain text, I
[music] can always open it and verify
what it's doing. So tomorrow, I've got
my first call with a customer. [music]
What I do to prep is head into Co-work,
type ,
pick [music] the account strategy
builder skill,
and name the account Acme Corp. [music]
Once I enter, Clod will start running
all the data pulls at the same time.
Calls from the last 90 days, revenue
trends, [music]
open opportunities that exist in
Salesforce, any relevant data in my
email, calendar, activity, Slack,
[music] and any funding trends or things
on the web that are most relevant.
Then, it synthesizes everything into a
strategy doc and saves it to my account
folder.
As you can see, the output will read
like a full account brief. Spend
information,
stakeholder mapping,
what cloud models the user is building
with,
open deals and risk signals.
Now, I have the full landscape of the
account before I've even talked to the
customer, [music] and it makes for a way
more strategic first conversation.
Instead of spending the meeting just
getting oriented, I can show up with
real context and make the first
impression count.
Now, after the meeting, I head back into
the same co-work session,
>> [music]
>> and Claude still has the account context
loaded.
I type ,
pick the call transcript processor,
and Claude will pull the call transcript
and generate three things.
My personal action items,
an internal Slack message with key
takeaways, next steps, and action
owners,
and a customer follow-up message.
You can see here that each one comes up
[music] for my approval before it
actually sends.
Now, the whole post-meeting flow that
used to take me 30 minutes is done in
just a couple of minutes, and it's way
more thorough than what I'd write from
memory. [music]
With Claude co-work, I'm pulling
insights from multiple different systems
>> [music]
>> and turning them into real account
strategy. The quality of every customer
conversation is [music] better for it.